# Project Binary Search Trees

## What i learn:

- Using class to make a Node and also Tree structure
- The steps on **inOrderForEach(callback), preOrderForEach(callback), and postOrderForEach(callback)** methods a little bit confusing for me cos I have to use array for tracking the queues and stack, also I iterate the node using "while" and "for" loop cos the example from articles I read is recursive and I thought that it would be good if I would have not used the recursion method to avoid copying the example code from the article. But I ended up gettting help from AI because the confusing steps of the methods to be translated into codes.
- **height() and depth()** method also was confsing like the previous ones I noted about. The problem is the same, to avoid copying the example from articles I read. But again, the "while" and "for" loop were more complex and hard for me. Again AI really being helpful.
- **isBalanced()** method is just copying ai recomended code. This was kinda frustrating. I think i have to read some resources about Recursive and also Algorithm and Data Structures. This is kinda like the previous **height and depth** methods, but at least both I tried to solve it first before reading AI recomendation of the code. I because of this, I decided to be read some articles and doing it first before asking AI or copilot for this.
- When I read some articles about this Binary Search Tree, I realized that they have the same code with diffrent naming. Asking AI again, it says that is because Algorithm and Data Structures have already standardized method to do it. So the formula is the same. Now I understand, so I dont have to tire myself out so do it in a new way maybe. I can finish this tasks using the standard method as long as I understand the concept? Maybe. Still can do some modification as what we need. I still need a lot of learning still.
- On task two: "Tie It All Together", I just copy the AI example of the Binary Search Tree. But now I understood the concept. Still if i have to solve it again myself, it will still hard without help from some articles about it and also AI will be helpfull. I meant, "full" of the help. Hufff....
